[Music]
nineteen awesome cats that cost a
fortune
there are more than 250 cat breeds in
the world hairless and furry wayward is
friendly tender and freedom-loving how
much is the most expensive brief cost do
you know to tell the truth you'll be
really surprised to discover the prices
of the most exotic cats in the world do
you know which one is the most expensive
that cat is crazy expensive but
incredibly awesome
[Music]
number 19 Norwegian Forest Cat a kittens
price varies from six hundred to three
thousand dollars this cat ancestors were
bred by Vikings two thousand years ago
cute and furry this cat can stand harsh
frost and is a great hunter
number 18 - Malayan cat a kitten costs
from 500 to $1,300
this breed looks much like a Persian cat
but it's characterized by blue eyes and
colorpoint coloration light bodies with
dark face beef ears and tail Emory and
cats were bred in 1950 in the USA and
the lands are tender obedient and
friendly cats the content number 17
Scottish Fold a kitten cost is 200 to
15-under dollars the calling card of
Scottish Fold is to fear that unlike
other cats don't stick up they say it's
unusual feature is the result of genetic
mutation these cats are incredibly smart
they easily get along with other family
members and are always ready to play one
more distinctive feature of Scottish
Fold is that they can stand on their
hind legs and observe things they're
interested in
number 16 Peter balls this kitty will
cost you 400 to $1,200
Peter balls also known as petersburg
Sphinx was read in Russia in 1994 he's
beautiful cap of slim bodies elongated
head and large extended ears the body
can be bald or fuzzy Peter balls are
socialist tender tempered and easy to
train
number 15 Egyptian now to become an
owner of an ancient Egyptian cat you
should pay 500 to $1,500 the appearance
of these paths has changed little for
3,000 years since the time of ancient
Egypt these cats have not only a spotted
coat but also spotted skin number 14
Maine Coons this giant it is priced
ranges between 600 and $1500 the Maine
is one of the largest cat breed its
representatives can weigh from 11 to 33
pounds and amateur cat body can reach 4
feet in length
however despite exclusive appearance
these are affectionate gentle and
playful animals
number thirteen left firm kitten of this
breed costs two hundred two thousand
dollars this cat is one of the most
unusual breeds that appeared in 1980 in
the USA in addition to their curly hair
these cats have one more particular
feature their hypoallergenic that's why
they're a perfect choice for families
with allergy sufferers number 12
Russian blue you can buy this lucky
charm for four hundred to two thousand
dollars this is one of the most popular
Shorthair after it became known outside
Russia in 1893 as the belief says this
cat brings good luck to the house number
eleven Serengeti cats you can buy this
cat for six hundred to two thousand this
breed began its history in California in
1994 amateur Serengeti weight is about
seventeen point six to twenty six point
four pounds they have well developed
bodies large ears spotted coat and very
long way
[Music]
number ten elf cap those who are even
survivors he cat have to pay rather
large sum of money $2,000
this young cat breed was developed in
the USA he founded sick
these calves are unbelievable friendly
smart mischievous communicative curious
and devoted creatures would you like to
get one number 9 Twitter you can get
inspired for five hundred to three
thousand dollars this large cat breed
resembles as hi girls at the coast
pattern and it explains the names or the
breeds founder states that the tiger was
developed to inspire people to think
about tiger preservation in life
[Music]
number eight American curl you can join
the American curl admirers for one
thousand to three thousand dollars this
breed was developed in California in
1981 the newborn kittens can hardly be
told apart from the adult males but as
early as the 10th day of their life
their ears start to turning back like
little horns this particular feature
touches hundreds of thousands of people
around the world
[Music]
number seven spangled his awesome mini
leopard costs one thousand to four
thousand dollars this breed was
developed by crossing an Asian Leopard
Cat with a demanding these cats love to
swim and despite their impressive size
eight point eight to seventy twenty
pounds often climb their owners
shoulders number six
Safari you can become an owner of a
domestic predator for 4,000 to 8,000
dollars this rare breed appeared by
crossing a domestic than a South
American wild Jefferies cat the first
representatives of the breed were
developing to USA in the 1970s to study
leukemia mature cat weighs twenty four
point two pounds on average
[Music]
number-5 cowl many this lucky charm
sells for 7,000 to $11,000 we can find
the earliest references to this brief in
camera mouse or cat book pose in ancient
Siam how many lived only that the royal
family were considered to be a symbol of
life longevity and wealth number for
show see kittens price varies from 8,000
to 10,000 dollars this is one of the
rarest cat breeds it was developed by
crossing a domestic and a jungle cat
these are very friendly animals and it's
hard for them to bear lonely Josie's
will be happy with any company whether
it's human other tabs or even a dog
[Music]
number three character
that's why buying a kitten for seven
thousand and ten thousand dollars can
help to preserve this unique species the
caracal is in danger of extinction
several years ago
this breed moved from the category of
wild predators to exclusive and
extension
number two Savannah cash yet the joini
cat you need to have lots of space with
the play well at four thousand to twenty
three thousand dollars this breed was
developed by crossing an African servo
and a domestic cat they're the largest
cat mature cat plays an average of 33
pounds and reaches 1.9 Steven height
savannah cats are known for their high
level of intelligence mild tempers
curiosity active nature they love taking
a bath walking outdoors and game
[Music]
number one passion the Asherah is the
most exotic domestic cat in the world
you can become a proud owner with
majestic kitty for twenty two thousand
to one hundred thousand dollars it was
bred by crossing a domestic cat and an
Asian Leopard Cat as a brief founders
say and Asherah is hypoallergenic but
there's still a discussion concerning
this question now frankly speaking would
you like to get one of these pressures
back or would you rather prefer adopting
a four-legged friend from a shelter let
us know in the comments below
don't forget to hit the like button and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life